normalize term for instrumentations (#539)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/error-handling.md

## Self-diagnostics

> All OpenTelemetry libraries -- the API, SDK, exporters, instrumentations, etc. -- are encouraged to expose self-troubleshooting metrics, spans, and other telemetry that can be easily enabled and filtered out by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All OpenTelemetry libraries -- the API, SDK, exporters, instrumentation, etc. -- are encouraged to expose self-troubleshooting metrics, spans, and other telemetry that can be easily enabled and filtered out by default.
```

> All OpenTelemetry libraries -- the API, SDK, exporters, an instrumentation, etc. -- are encouraged to expose self-troubleshooting metrics, spans, and other telemetry that can be easily enabled and filtered out by default.

Reviewer 2: Might want to make "an instrumentation" plural to fit with the others (?)

```suggestion
All OpenTelemetry libraries -- the API, SDK, exporters, instrumentations, etc. -- are encouraged to expose self-troubleshooting metrics, spans, and other telemetry that can be easily enabled and filtered out by default.
```
